Laugh. I'll just ask you this.
Back then, my Li family was destroyed
How many participants?
Is that what you said?
Well, since this is your word
Then I must have answered with a soul
Everything that year
It's all a secret I told the prince
You don't think about it either
The most mysterious secret path of the Li family
How could it suddenly appear?
10 main killers
Of course I made the secret ah ah ah
You probably didn't know that.
When I saw the blood of that old man
When it came out of his chest like a fountain
Ah!
Never mind how cool it is
What a pity!
This old man really told him everything
You tried to impress me with your heart
pity
The biggest mistake he made was stupidity
And stupid let him die
I never thought of that.
I never thought I would be here today
You dog
Finally got scared
Li Xuan
It's not too late for you to kneel and kowtow to me and apologize
I can consider it.
I'm afraid that the family here will stay by my side and be a dog
One cent is divided into three knives
Just to get revenge before blood hate
Can reduce some killing intent
I didn't expect that I wouldn't have an operation in advance today
I didn't expect
The person who has to have blood will be my brother
The boy is so crazy when he is about to die
Hahaha good
The crazier you are, the more excited I am
Heaven knows I was in eight years
How did this light come about?
God knows how many nights I have
See you, a remnant like you
I can't sleep at night.
God knows how many nights I've watched
Cut off your dog's head
The fog must be rooted
I propose that our four families
Break his limbs with sticks
Slowly lift him up
A thousand cuts
Must be enough for $3,000, yeah yeah
Scrape enough for $3,000
No matter what you do
Do it, Suzaku Ares Sword